This directory contains layouts for both tracks.

The example here uses data files to store the tracks.
It is likely you won't want to do this unless you have implemented
a fake (or real) "filesystem" that lets you open modules using
standard C IO (by implementing the appropriate newlib stubs).

Instead, you should convert the track data to a C struct. If
you've done this, please e-mail me, and I'll add it here.

The track format is as follows:

The file begins with the word "track", followed by the number of nodes
in the track.

Each node is then specified. First the node number appears,
then a name for the node. Now the type of node appears.

If the type is "sensor", the node is followed by the following
information:
 - a unique number identifying the sensor
 - an x and y coordinate that can be used for a graphical track
   display

For switches, the information is:
 - the switch number in the Maerklin track
 - x and y coordinates for a display
 - a reasonable default for this switch

For stops (these represent "dead ends", i.e. places the train
should stop), the information is:
 - a unique number for the stop
 - x and y coordinates for a display

After the node-specific data, an edge list is given. First,
the number of edges from this node is given. Then each edge is
given as
 - the node number it connects to
 - a direction:
    - ahead or behind for sensors
    - straight, curved or behind for switches
    - ahead for dead ends (maybe behind would have made more sense)
 - a distance. this is a distance in millimetres giving the track
   length (i.e. the distance a train would travel between the two
   edges)

This should give you all you need (and more) for the train tracking
assignment. If you feel ambitious you could add information about
the curved track sections, e.g. for a nicer display.

This information was built based on Winter 2003 information gathered
by Damian Gryski and his partner, and Fall 2003 information gathered
by our group and several other groups.

It should be reasonably correct. If you find any mistakes, notify
the newsgroup.

Enjoy,

Stefanus Du Toit
sjdutoit at uwaterloo dot ca
Fall 2004
